Fix #937 URI of security.txt is Canonical: Field (#944)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/01-Information_Gathering/03-Review_Webserver_Metafiles_for_Information_Leakage.md

- Finding information on Bug Bounties, etc.
- Social Engineering.

> The location of the file is specified by its `Canonical:` field and can have values such as the root of the webserver or in the `.well-known/` directory. Ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expected location of the file is specified by its `Canonical:` field(s) and can have values such as the root of the webserver or in the `.well-known/` directory. Ex:
```

Reviewer: Would “intended” be better?

- `https://example.com/security.txt`
- `https://example.com/.well-known/security.txt`

> If the [URI used to retrieve that file is not listed within any canonical fields, then the contents of the file SHOULD NOT be trusted.](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9116.html#name-canonical)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the URI used to retrieve the file is not listed within any canonical field, [then the contents of the file SHOULD NOT be trusted](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9116.html#name-canonical) for security reporting purposes. However, that does not change its value as an information source.
```

Reviewer: I debated editing this to be "...for security policy definition purposes." which is more inline with the lead-in on: https://securitytxt.org/ but that felt too wordy.
